# 7.1.3.1.1 Runtime Semantics: MV

# 7.1.3.1.1 运行时语义: MV

The conversion of a String to a Number value is similar overall to the determination of the Number value for a numeric literal (see 11.8.3), but some of the details are different, so the process for converting a String numeric literal to a value of Number type is given here. This value is determined in two steps: first, a mathematical value (MV) is derived from the String numeric literal; second, this mathematical value is rounded as described below. The MV on any grammar symbol, not provided below, is the MV for that symbol defined in 11.8.3.1.

将字符串转换成数值与确定数字字面量的数值总体上类似（见 11.8.3），除了一些细节不同，所以，这里给出了将字符串数字字面量转换成数值的处理过程。通过两步确定这个值：第一，一个运算的值（MV）是字符数字字面量派生而来；第二，此运算值如下所述舍入。任何语法符号上的 MV（下面未提供）是 11.8.3.1 中定义的该符号的 MV。

- The MV of StringNumericLiteral:::[empty] is 0.
- The MV of StringNumericLiteral:::StrWhiteSpace is 0.
- The MV of StringNumericLiteral:::StrWhiteSpaceStrNumericLiteralStrWhiteSpace is the MV of StrNumericLiteral, no matter whether white space is present or not.
- The MV of StrNumericLiteral:::StrDecimalLiteral is the MV of StrDecimalLiteral.
- The MV of StrNumericLiteral:::BinaryIntegerLiteral is the MV of BinaryIntegerLiteral.
- The MV of StrNumericLiteral:::OctalIntegerLiteral is the MV of OctalIntegerLiteral.
- The MV of StrNumericLiteral:::HexIntegerLiteral is the MV of HexIntegerLiteral.
- The MV of StrDecimalLiteral:::StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral is the MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral.
- The MV of StrDecimalLiteral:::+StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral is the MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral.
- The MV of StrDecimalLiteral:::-StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral is the negative of the MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral. (Note that if the MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral is 0, the negative of this MV is also 0. The rounding rule described below handles the conversion of this signless mathematical zero to a floating-point +0 or -0 as appropriate.)
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::Infinity is 1010000 (a value so large that it will round to +∞).
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigits. is the MV of DecimalDigits.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigits.DecimalDigits is the MV of the first DecimalDigits plus (the MV of the second DecimalDigits times 10-n), where n is the number of code points in the second DecimalDigits.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigits.ExponentPart is the MV of DecimalDigits times 10e, where e is the MV of ExponentPart.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigits.DecimalDigitsExponentPart is (the MV of the first DecimalDigits plus (the MV of the second DecimalDigits times 10-n)) times 10e, where n is the number of code points in the second DecimalDigits and e is the MV of ExponentPart.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::.DecimalDigits is the MV of DecimalDigits times 10-n, where n is the number of code points in DecimalDigits.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::.DecimalDigitsExponentPart is the MV of DecimalDigits times 10e-n, where n is the number of code points in DecimalDigits and e is the MV of ExponentPart.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigits is the MV of DecimalDigits.
- The MV of StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral:::DecimalDigitsExponentPart is the MV of DecimalDigits times 10e, where e is the MV of ExponentPart.

Once the exact MV for a String numeric literal has been determined, it is then rounded to a value of the Number type. If the MV is 0, then the rounded value is +0 unless the first non white space code point in the String numeric literal is "-", in which case the rounded value is -0. Otherwise, the rounded value must be the Number value for the MV (in the sense defined in 6.1.6), unless the literal includes a StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral and the literal has more than 20 significant digits, in which case the Number value may be either the Number value for the MV of a literal produced by replacing each significant digit after the 20th with a 0 digit or the Number value for the MV of a literal produced by replacing each significant digit after the 20th with a 0 digit and then incrementing the literal at the 20th digit position. A digit is significant if it is not part of an ExponentPart and

一旦确定了字符数字字面量的确切的 MV，就会将其舍入为 Number 类型的值。 如果 MV 为 0，则舍入值为 +0，除非字符串数字文字中的第一个非空格代码点为“ - ”，在这种情况下舍入值为-0。否则，舍入值必须是 MV 的 Number 值（在 6.1.6 中定义的意义上），除非文字包含 StrUnsignedDecimalLiteral 且字面量超过 20 个有效数字，在这种情况下 Number 值可以是通过将 20 位后的每个有效数字替换为 0 位数或通过将第 20 位之后的每个有效数字替换为 0 位数而生成的文字的 MV 的数字值生成的文字的 MV 的数值，然后增加字面值第 20 位数。如果数字不是 ExponentPart 的一部分，则数字很重要

- it is not 0; or
- there is a nonzero digit to its left and there is a nonzero digit, not in the ExponentPart, to its right.

* 它不是 0; 或
* 左边有个非 0 数值，右边有个不在 ExponentPart 中的非 0 数值。
